What we want to do to write some
tests already had an example
of queer actually let's
start with the arrows first.
Let's do that.
So I know that we have in the alt file,
yes,
I never went where's my solution or branch
of my on my stash I did it get stash.
So for the authenticated
I'll just write it again.
So, if not context.user then
instead of throwing a new error here
we'll just throw a new authentication
error from I guess I got
to require the plot.
Let's do that.
So we got authentication
equals acquire Apollo server.
There we go.
Grab that.
And then we come out here and
say new authentication error and
for me to say not authenticated.
Not all that's good enough.
Turn next with these things, there we go.
Oops!
Cool!
And then for
authorize is pretty much the same thing.
So if context.user.role does not = role,
then we can,
let's return that right quick.
Oops!
We can just throw a new error here.
Authentication error and we can say
Incorrect roll or whatever you want,
you wanna put some more context in there
and show them what role they should be.
You can do that.
Whatever you want, everybody get on that.
It's pretty simple.
Throw those arrows in there.
Let's check our resolve to see if you got
any other errors being thrown in here.
We can update those as well for
new, new keyword here.
So for the better, there we go.
So on sign up looks like
I have if you sign up and
there's already a user there, I'm throwing
a new era here for you can't do that.
I would say, me for this one, this is
probably another authentication error too.
So, maybe import that from up top.
I guess you might even say,
this is an inputter.
I mean, there's really no wrong or
right way, it's really up to you.
So throw an AuthenticationError, and
you might because a user already
exists within now you're exposing so
your people that hey, this email exists
on our database or maybe not say that.
So this be, you know, something valid.
Never understood why apps say that
sometimes this user already exists, like,
all right, I'm just gonna go take
Elon Musk's email and go sign up for
this app and see if he sign up for it and
they'll let me know if he's there or not.
It's not a good idea.
So, on sign in, if not a user,
then then this might be a bad user input.
You can also just say, authentication
as well and just be like, invalid,
password, plus email, combo or whatever.
That's pretty safe.
So cool.
I don't think we have any
other errors in here.
Was this one post so
not read ID does not equal that.
So this might be another one.
And that's not yours, not your ID.
Okay, got any other here
looks good all right.
Any questions on errors?
No.
And like I said,
when you turn node
environment to production,
Apollo removes the structures
from the errors for you.
So in production,
when you deploy, a node environment is
probably gonna be a production anyway.
So the stack tries to be removed for
you so
you don't have to mainly do
that in that format error.
Function if you don't want
your stacktrace is there.
Cool!
Let's see.
So for directives, sorry,
not the participant out there yet.
Test.
So for tests, we have these query
helpers I'm sorry, this this
helper here that create a test servers for
us and a client and all that stuff.
So what we can do is make another test for
a query and another test for mutation.
So I'm just gonna make a new file here for
mutation
that test.js and
I'm basically just going to copy
everything that's in this query file and
paste it into my mutation file.
Changes describes the mutations.
And then I'm going to go find
a mutation that I want to test.
So my type deaths and
I'll test the create a post mutation.
Let's try that.
So if we create a post,
we can go back to our test.
Change that to create a post.
Okay, new creator create a post and
know that's going to use a, okay,
where's the app, take this.
Create post takes a new post input,
which looks like an input with a message.
That's basically it.
Super simple.
So we can hard code that message in
the query or we can make it dynamic.
So you'll see what I mean.
So if I wanted to hardcoded can just use
the shorthand mutation thing like this and
just hardcoded in here.
Which takes like inputs and
put some message,
so I could just hard quote it like that.
That's cool but if you want to dynamically
pass it in a test and you will the use
variables parameter after mutation to do
it but I was gonna hard quote it for now.
It's not like I really care about it.
Message, as always be Hello.
And then I'll get back,
the message like that.
Cool!
So we have a creative post.
I'm going to get back to mutation here or
mutate and not query.
And then I need to mock out all the stuff
that this resolver is going to expect.
So if I go to the resolvers for
creating a post on the mutation,
it's expecting this input here.
So that should be there because
we pass it in as an argument.
So we should be good there.
We also have this context or
here's what we need to mock out.
So you to mock out a user, and it means
a mock out models and we basically.
Yeah, that's basically all we want to do.
So what I'll do is I'll go back to here,
models we have, I'm gonna say user
and it looks like it's using, createOne.
So I'll mark out createOne,
and pops up stuff.
We can ignore that for now.
See I will mark createOne and
then it was returned one.
So let's say findMany.
That's got to be createOne.
I'll say createOne is just gonna return,
I mean literally anything that I want.
So I'll say it's a function and
it's gonna return an objects
with a message on it that's
going to look like that.
So it's all the same, cool.
The next thing is I need a user here
which doesn't really matter, but
I'm just gonna return URL,
anyway cuz I'm not really using it.
Cuz, I'm just marking it out because
if we go look at the resolver,
it's using the author here and
the user ID,
but I overrated this to do something else,
I'm completely ignoring it.
So it doesn't matter.
But this is where you might want to put
a spy or you might want to spy on this
to make sure the right inputs were passed
to it to make sure it's good to go.
You don't really care what it returns
you just you're interested in
what it receives because that's what
this was lovers responsible for
its responsibilities passing
in the correct arguments.
So you want to spy on it to
figure those arguments out.
You're not so much concerned about what
it returns because that's a whole nother
entity that's tested separately.
So you don't really care what
the return value of it is.
And that's why we mark it out.
And this case,
I'm going to mark it out and
I don't really care about
the input right now.
So having called me tape,
we can await need state like this.
I'm pretty sure it still takes query and
this is gonna be createPost,
that's close to go make a run this test so
I'll say test.
See if anything breaks.
Of course it past the first time was
there was no snapshot it just works.
So, look at the result of it and
yeah, this one looks like it broke
because cannot read property.
createOne undefined.
We're gonna do that.
Create one.
What did I call it?
User, should be posted, there we go.
That will be better.
Okay, cuz now it's obviously gonna break
because it's a whole new object, right?
The snapshot is dead, so you're gonna
update your snapshot but I was going quick
as just to delete that and write it again,
so I'll make a new snapshot.
Cool, so snapshots good.
We can go look at it and we can see the
result is exactly what we thought it was
going to be arrows are undefined,
whatever deterministic.
So if I were to run out again, it'll work.
And just to show you an example of
why we have to set that setting and
the helpers like if I got rid of.
For actually met this true or
got rid of it which defaults to true,
then it's going to ignore my resolvers and
is going to have its own generated
resolvers which will probably just, yeah.
So you can see instead of generated this,
completely different
than what I generated.
So it's generating stuff
every single time,
and every time you generate
it's a different value.
So it's not deterministic, so
you can't really use those values for
things like Snapshot testing,
because the values will be different
every single time you run them.
So that's why we have to have that
flag there to say like, wait,
hold on, not the whole stuff,
because I'm going to mark some things out.
But there are scenarios where you
don't really care what the values are.
For instance,
if you need a resolver to work, but
you're not testing the value of it,
then yeah, you will let that mark.
But if you're testing the output of it,
and if it's the deterministic,
then you will not let the mark having
cuz it's gonna be generated every time.